
AABSHAAR SHAIKH 	B T E C H ( C S E )
ABOUT ME 	PROJECTS
Currently a DY Patil International university student. To build career in a growing organization, where I can get the opportunities to prove my abilities by accepting challenges.
PERSONAL INFO
Phone
:
7796562020
Email
:
aabshaarshaikh@gmail.com
Address
:
Pradhikaran, Pune 411044
Language
:
English, Hindi, French(Beginner)
SKILLS
Python PHP HTML Basic of Java Basic knowledge of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning
EDUCATION
Food Management App - Ongoing The high standard of living has resulted in the wastage of food. So, as a solution I am trying to develop a platform where poor and needy people can get the food. “Give what you have more, Take what you need” as tagline says, who has more food will just need to donate the food through the app. 
Chatbot based Song Recommender System (May21-July21)
Nowadays, people often prefer to listen to music based on their moods and interests. Our project focuses on a system that suggests songs to the users, based on their state of mind through chatbot interaction. Once the emotion is recognized, the system suggests a song for that emotion, saving a lot of time for a user over selecting and playing songs manually.
AI Chatbot for Cancer Patients (Sep21-Nov21)
Healthcare is very important to lead a good life. However, it is very difficult to obtain the consultation with the doctor as it’s time consuming and also cost a lot of money. The idea is to create an AI Chatbot for Cancer Patients using Artificial Intelligence that can provide basic details about the disease before/after consulting a doctor and will help them through their journey. This will help to reduce healthcare costs and improve accessibility to medical knowledge through medical chatbot 
ACCOMPLISHMENT
Certificate from coursera:
2017
St Ursula High Scool (SSC Board)
Python Specialization 
Design Thinking 
2017 - 2020
Microsoft AI Classroom Series Certificate
Pimpri Chinchwad Polytechnic College Diploma in Information Technology
2020 - 2023
DY Patil International University
INTERESTS
BTECH in Computer Science and 
Artifical Intelligence
App Development
Engineering
Machine Learning
Full Stack Development
