SHWETA  PATIL

+91 8530296955

shwetampatil1603@gmail.com

Pune
bit.ly/38CYAZ8
STRENGHTS & TECHNICAL SKILLS
SUMMARY
To work with an organization where I can learn new skills

Basic Knowledge of computer
and increase my abilities for the organizational goals as

Good Communication skills.
well as myself. Looking for position with highly regarded
organization that values dedication and attention to detail.

Design Thinking
EDUCATION

C++. HTML, CSS

Graphics Designing(Marketing
D Y Patil International University, Akurdi, Pune
(Feb 2020 - June 2023)
 Content, App Designs)
B.TECH - Computer Science and engineering

Artificial Intelligence 
GPA : 8.1/10 (as per 5th semester) 
Government Polytechnic Pune 
WORK EXPERIENCE
2020
Xciteducation
Diploma - Computer Science
Artificial Neural Network (Ongoing)
Percentage : 79%
Prerana Madhyamik Vidyalaya
Universal Innovators(t.ly/r-1I)
Digital Marketing (2 months)
SSC(state Board) 
percentage - 87%
National Engineering Olympiad
PROJECTS
 (t.ly/Or57)
Campus Ambassador (1 month)
Food Management App - Ongoing
- The high standard of living has resulted in the wastage of food

 CERTIFICATIONS
clothes etc. So, as a solution I am trying to develop a platform
Jagriti Digital Yatra (t.ly/OG4g)
where poor and needy people can get the food. “Give what you

 - A journey to entrepreneurship
have more, Take what you need” as tagline says, who has more
Artificial Intelligence on Microsoft Azure (t.ly/WMzl) Coursera, online
food will just need to donate the food through the app.
An IOT based Smart Dustbin and A waste Management System
(June 2021 - August 2021)

Design thinking (t.ly/PrqZ) Coursera, Online
- Main idea is to enforce the effective management of waste. Our
system contains a smart dustbin which is touch-less and it will

30 Days of Google Cloud
notify the user when it reaches near to filling the bin. So it will
reduce the work of employees who cleans the bins manually they

 (t.ly/CfJ5)
can easily see which bin is filled and directly go to particular bin.
Microsoft AI classroom series (t.ly/uw3o)
Computer Vision and IOT (t.ly/QxoN)
(April 1 - April 30)
-Object detection. In which object detector identifies the objects in an image.
LANGUAGES
GST Billing Application.
English, Hindi, Marathi
(Feb 2019 - April 2019)
- The billing app will give information about the user, who, what, when, how much purchased and will give a proper bill including GST with the user name and it will also be saved in the owners database.
